---
layout: post
permalink: /laka/
title: 'Laka'
date: 2020-11-07 10:00:00 +09:00
feature: '/img/posts/07/textmain.jpg'
background: '/img/posts/07/textthumb.jpg'
categories:
  - brands
tags:
  - K-Beauty
  - Skincare
  - Cosmetics
  - LAKA
  - Gender-Neutral
description: 'The best Korean Street Beauty Brand Ever'
---

Skin Food is a Korean cosmetics brand established in 2004 under the concept of 'delicious cosmetics made with delicious food'.

At present, Pearce changed its name to IPIRIS and is a subsidiary of Skinfood.[1] "Since 1957" stamped on the logo of Skinfood is the year of Pieris's founding.


## The Rise and Fall of Drug Store In Korea

First-generation road shop brands are on a sharp decline amid a growing crisis in the cosmetics industry due to continued sluggish sales in the beauty industry. In the end, Skin Food (CEO Cho Yoon-ho), one of the three major road shop brands, was on the verge of going out of business, signaling the collapse of the first generation road shop, which led the myth of K-beauty. Skin Food is drawing public attention after it was reported that it applied for a corporate rehabilitation procedure (court management) with the Seoul Rehabilitation Court on the 8th. What is the background of Skin Food's downfall?


Losing domestic competition and withdrawing from overseas
Since operating loss of 5.2 billion won in 2014, Skin Food has suffered from financial difficulties for four consecutive years, losing 12.9 billion won in 2015, 5.2 billion won in 2016 and 9.8 billion won in 2017. There have been signs of a crisis as the number of stores has decreased in Korea due to the annual competition with new brands, and overseas operations, which have challenged the market with breakthroughs, have also suffered a series of setbacks. In addition, while other road shop brands were on a regular sale, Skinfood insisted on a no-sales marketing strategy. Customers gradually turned their backs on the presale strategy, which did not match the image of a road shop brand that competes at a low price compared to its quality.


## Growth of Skinfood

Braking in retaliation for China's THAAD economic retaliation
It was the 2016 THAAD crisis that directly hit Skin Food's performance. Skin Food, which had been suffering from worsening performance since then, was blocked from exporting and Chinese tourists stopped coming as China began to put economic pressure on the national level. Recently, Chinese tourists have begun to visit Korea again, but only flies have been flown to skin food stores. The financial crisis, which came with retaliation against THAAD, showed little sign of improvement and deepened as the days went by day. According to the audit report, the company recorded 43.4 billion won in debt due to accumulated deficits. Due to excessive debt, the company failed to pay its suppliers, and as a result, the vicious cycle of not being able to supply and demand products to merchants continued.



The Rise of Olive Young Large Stores and the Weakness of Roadshops
In contrast to the recent trend in the health and beauty (H&B) store industry such as Olive Young, the trend of replacing road shops of single products of companies is also responsible for the collapse of Skin Food.



## Rise and Downfall of Korean Beauty Indie brands

Unlike road shops, which are single brand stores, H&B stores offer a variety of brands. Following Olive Young, the No. 1 H&B store industry player; Lalabla, who rebranded Watson's in Hong Kong; and Loebs of Lotte; H&B stores, including boots from England, have department store brands to start-up brands. If the industry fails to keep up with this trend, the industry naturally enters a bearish market.
